Add analyzer template (#9789)
dotnet/msbuild: template_feed/Microsoft.AnalyzerTemplate/README.md

# MSBuild Custom Analyzer Template

## Overview

> MSBuild Custom Analyzer Template is a .NET template designed to streamline the creation of MSBuild analyzer libraries. This template facilitates the development of custom analyzers targeting .NET Standard, enabling developers to inspect and enforce conventions, standards, or patterns within C# project files (.csproj).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSBuild Custom Analyzer Template is a .NET template designed to streamline the creation of MSBuild analyzer libraries. This template facilitates the development of custom analyzers targeting .NET Standard, enabling developers to inspect and enforce conventions, standards, or patterns within their MSBuild builds.
```

We do not limit to .csprojs, plus we'l be able to run from logs as well

## Features
- Simplified template for creating MSBuild analyzer libraries.
- Targeting .NET Standard for cross-platform compatibility.
- Provides a starting point for implementing custom analysis rules.

## Getting Started
To use the MSBuild Custom Analyzer Template, follow these steps:
1. Install the template using the following command:
   ```bash

>    dotnet new -i msbuildanalyzer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   dotnet new install msbuildanalyzer
```
`-i` is the old convention, with limited support for tab completition etc.
